I didn't expect you to be so useless
Quite good at flattering women
Who am I flattering?
Am I wrong?
Last time you robbed Master Wan's woman
This time I dug the corner of Lord Xiong again
Damn it's all shady hooking up
If you want to die, then you fight
Please try again.
This is Wanjia's place
If you dare to mess around, Master Xiong can't protect you
Mr. Wan, what he said also makes sense
If Wanjia Chunqiu is invited to this matter
We can't explain it either
Since you know this is Wanjia's territory
Dare to come to me to pick trouble
What does Wan Jia have to do with you?
I am the eldest young master of Wanjia
Today's million merchants conference
Just do things for me